# 05 - 26. Mai. - 3精学 - Cindy

## Workflow

1. Vocabulary Review
   1. Read together.
   2. Quick Response 1.
   3. Dictation & Grade.

2. New Vocabulary
   1. Interactive leading.
   2. Let kids create simple dialogues themselves.

3. New Article
   1. Leading and simple Q&A.
   2. Listen and point to the text following the audio.
   3. After-reading test.

4. Integrated Practice
   1. Exemplify the method for the first one or two questions/blanks.
   2. Practice.
   3. Grade by teacher or self (if there isn't enough time for the teacher to grade).

5. Listening Practice
   1. Pre-read and note-take.
   2. Listen.
   3. Self-grade.

6. Homework Review
   1. Choose kids to share their answers.

7. Homework Assignment / Points Tally

## Classroom Language

- Everybody say.
- Serious.
- Read after me.
- Quickly.
- Good.
- It's his turn (to stop other kids from interrupting the answerer).

## Basic Gestures

- Phone: Make a six-shaped hand by the ear.
- Quiet: Use a small voice.
- Body components: Point to the specific body part.
- Past / Now / Future: Gesture with left arm, mid arm, right arm respectively.

## Quick Response

- Read after, but some words should not be said.
- Antonym response (must vs. mustn't).
- 抢答 ('ding' using a ring).
- Ready? / Go!

## Other Notes

- If kids are noisy, speak louder to cover their voices or knock the teaching stick.
- Adv. is v.'s best friend.
- Dialogue for one point and action for another point. (Cindy didn't exemplify the action very clearly. Kids made dialogues without actions many times, and Cindy didn't realize the example was not clear enough, continuing with the same poor example. Doris did this much better.)
- Stand-up as punishment.
- Provide Chinese for new words directly (if kids already guessed the Chinese correctly).
- Different from Doris, Cindy rectifies pronunciation immediately after kids make oral mistakes. (I think it's okay to give kids a second chance because they might be nervous or know the correct pronunciation but say it incorrectly accidentally. Doris gives too many chances for kids, and I think it's unnecessary. Most of the time, if kids cannot answer correctly in the first two or three attempts, they really don't know or have forgotten, so reminding them at this time is appropriate and can save time.)
- Let kids who forget their workbooks write on blank papers according to the questions displayed on the chalkboard. (Nice. So why do we need a paper one?)
- Remind to turn off electronic devices when they make sounds. Minus points if this happens again.
- （改口）你改一下不就好了× 你改一下，好吗√