# 17 - 9. Jun. - 1精学 - Karrie

## Workflow

- **Before Class**
  - Karrie keeps a record of students' attendances.

- **<badge>12:30</badge> Vocab Review**
  - Clover conducts a vocabulary reading and game session (see below).
  - For the dictation, Karrie says the Chinese word and provides additional information about the vocabulary, and the children write them down.
  - Karrie selects two children to collect the vocabulary check books for each group.

- **<badge>12:50</badge> Reading Review**
  - All the children read the article with blanks on the screen together.
  - For group recitation, each child introduces themselves first, and then they recite the passage together with their group mates. Karrie records videos for the kids.

- **<badge>12:55</badge> Grammar Learning**
  - Karrie starts with simple examples to explain the grammar concept.
  - Karrie selects children to write down extended examples on the board.
  - Karrie picks a child to do a practice exercise and allows that child to choose the next one for practice. (I notice that some kids do not know their classmates very well. If they can't give a name for next turn, it might be better to let them choose one ramdomly using Classin)
  - The board game is modified to have children take turns saying all the images aloud.

- **<badge>13:50</badge> Conversation Practice**
  - Karrie introduces the rules for conversation practice: one child asks a question, and another child answers based on the images displayed on the screen.
  - She gives the children some time to choose partners and practice before their official performance.
  - Children who finish early can work on their homework.

## Classroom Language

- Sit well.

## Other Notes

- When the children's reading volume is low, Karrie gives points to the louder group and has everyone try again.
- The combination Consonant-Vowel-Consonant is explained as a 'Hamburger' combination.

---

# Clover

- Clover presents a clear self-introduction to the class.
- Clover prepares a game for the children. The game includes a brief introduction and a live demonstration. However, the English introduction of the game seems too difficult for Primary 1 pupils. Additionally, the game's quick command 'turn around' takes too much time and disrupts the game's quick speed.
- Clover mispronounces the word 'skip'.