# 22 - 16. Jun. - 3 精学 - Doris

## Workflow

- <badge>8:30</badge> **Review**

  - Everyone review the topic from the last lesson.
  - Doris uses flashcards to review vocabulary.
  - Group members take turns saying the English word when shown the Chinese equivalent. The group that completes all the vocabulary the fastest wins. Children who mispronounce a word are asked to say it again so it costs more time.
  - Dictation.
  - Kids read the passage sentence by sentence.
  - Doris selects children to recite (two rounds, each time only children from the same group are chosen).

- <badge>8:50</badge> **Grammar**

  - Note-taking: Doris takes notes on the screen, including the grammar structure, and illustrates with examples from the class. Children copy the notes, which are then photographed. Some of the best photos are shared in the WeChat group for parents.
  - Karsten's turn.
  - Role-play: Doris leads the children in reading an example and gives another example. After a few minutes of preparation, some children are chosen to role-play (read the sentence).
  - Fill-in-the-blank quiz: An example is given, and children are picked to say the answer directly.

- <badge>10:15</badge> **Workbook**

  - Doris leads the children in some practice. Afterwards, she gives them more time to work independently. If any children finish, Doris goes to them and grades their workbooks.

- <badge>10:55</badge> **Homework Check**

## Classroom Language

- Class begins
- Be quiet
- Attention
- Let's move on
- Sit still, my dear students
- (sing) Jasmine, Jasmine, super Jasmine
- [Child's name], you are so busy, focus please
- Good... but not perfect
- Roll call
- Listen, watch, and learn

## Gestures

- We will have a match: Touching two fists together
- One by one: Hands moving back and forth like shuffling cards
