# 23 - 16. Jun. - 3 精学 - Kat

## Workflow

- <badge>12:00</badge> **Review**
  - Kat starts the vocabulary review by showing the Chinese words first, and the children say the English equivalents, similar to an oral dictation.
  - The children do their own dictations.
- <badge>12:10</badge> **Grammar**
  - Catherine's turn. (See below)
  - Kat guides the children through some simple practice exercises.
  - Role-play: Kat leads the children through all the role-play sentences as a practice activity rather than a role-play. During this activity, Kat uses a random selection software to pick children and dice-rolling to decide which sentence should be made.
  - Practice: Kat gives a brief introduction to the practice, and the children complete it independently.
- <badge>13:20</badge> **Phonics**
  - Kat shows some examples from the textbook and asks the children to provide more words with 'ar' and 'are'.
  - Kat leads the kids to finish the phonics practice.
- <badge>13:30</badge> **Workbook**
  - Kat gives an example, and the children complete the workbook exercises independently.

# Catherine

- Catherine introduces herself to the children.
- Catherine prepares scorecards and gifts.
- Catherine asks other children to help those who can't answer.
- The examples, tips, and hints provided are sometimes insufficient, making it difficult for the children to answer the questions.
- 'Anne' should be pronounced /æn/ (please double-check this because Doris says /ænni/ as well).
- Catherine always smiles.
- 'I have a XXX, I have a YYY, (clap hands) XXX YYY'